
Forecast Dashboard Updates.


Arun Sankar
Repharse the below content

Data Sheet:

1) Source file will have Current year+2 and Current_year-3 data-> totally 6 years data. (Needs to be confirmed with the finance team) 2) As per our existing source file we have Current year Month wise data; Current year+1, +2 & Current_year-1,-2 Dec(Exit year) data

3) Going forward, Current year, Current_year+1 & Current_year-18 Month wise data, Current year+2, & Current year-28 Dec(Exit year) data 8 Ashwani will confirm on this 4) There is a chance that the existing historical data can be changed in current month forecast file

5) So Each month raw data will be saved and maintained in DB for current year. When the next year comes the previous year data(Dec-Exit Year) will be captured as a snapshot Tech team will check the feasibility to automate it.(Need more discussion -> We will be getting previous two year in the current Data file should we snapshot only current_year-3 when me move from Dec to Jan) 6) During first upload of every forecast cycle, the work-inprogress version(PL Version) of all the month of previous forecast cycle will be deleted and only maintained the latest version of all the month of previous forecast cycle.

Leader View:

1) For now finance forecast data screen will be reside in the side-menu(Report Icon) irrespective of role, Until Access Management come into picture. 2) We can have the filter for CIO function based on that forecast data will be loaded in the dashboard.

3) Rachna will give the idea or rough sketch design for the Leader View Dashboard's look and feel, wire-frame will be built on top of that.

4) By default the latest version will be shown in the leader view dashboard even for the current forecast cycle for all users(Check Possibility of showing all the version only to DataLoaders)

Data Sheet:

The source file will contain data for the current year plus two years and the current year minus three years, resulting in a total of six years of data. However, this needs to be confirmed with the finance team.
The existing source file has monthly data for the current year, as well as data for the previous and future two years, and exit year data for the previous and future two years.
Going forward, the source file will contain monthly data for the current year, the next year, and the year that is 18 years prior to the current year, as well as exit year data for the years that are 28 years prior to the current year, and two years after the current year. This needs to be confirmed by Ashwani.
The existing historical data may be changed in the current month's forecast file.
Each month's raw data will be saved and maintained in a database for the current year, and when the next year arrives, the previous year's data (Dec-Exit Year) will be captured as a snapshot. The feasibility of automating this process needs to be checked by the tech team.
During the first upload of every forecast cycle, the work-in-progress version of all months of the previous forecast cycle will be deleted, and only the latest version of all months of the previous forecast cycle will be maintained.
Leader View:

For now, the finance forecast data screen will be accessible through the side-menu (Report Icon) for all users, regardless of their role, until Access Management is implemented.
A filter for the CIO function can be added so that the forecast data is loaded into the dashboard based on that filter.
Rachna will provide a rough sketch or idea for the Leader View Dashboard's look and feel, and a wire-frame will be created based on that.
By default, the latest version of the data will be displayed in the leader view dashboard for all users, even for the current forecast cycle. However, the possibility of showing all versions only to DataLoaders should be explored.
